So now we learn about a lot of components in the last section when we build our first application.
I now want to dive deeper into some of those components and into some of the core concepts of ironic
too when it comes to components are working with templates.
I already pointed towards the official documentation and I'm just stressing this again.
Really bring that to your attention and to really get you to go there and definitely check out the components
section tared to learn more about the components you might be interested in.
For example if you want to learn more about the inputs and we'll come back to input specifically in
the next ep.
But anyways if you want to learn more about that simply have a look at the appropriate entry year and
you will find a lot of ways of working with that component of configuring it and how you should use
it.
And as ironic too offers a lot of different components it's simply impossible to cover them all in this
course and honestly will also be pretty boring.
Now besides those components or this component documentation here I also recommend having a look at
the API documentation from time to time.
But the best way to get there for your specific component is not by clicking on API but instead if you
have a component the input component here you should find a link at the top at the beginning of the
component part.
For example here after the first abstract where you are directly redirected to the appropriate API documentation.
Now what's the difference between the API documentation and the component documentation.
Well the IPY documentation contains every class I own two ships with whereas the component documentation
only shows how to use those components.
But if you want to know every single property you can bind and every single thing you can configure
about a component the API documentation is where you might when I go because here you really find well
which properties you can bind which events are emitted and which sace variables you can change for this
specific component.
You know that overwriting of built in set of variables I was discussing in the last section.
So this is how you should work with the documentation and how you can dive deeper into components and
how to configure them.
We have that out of the way.
Let me dive deeper into some of the most important components or things about eye on it too.
Together with you in the next lectures